# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective

#How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I interpret user needs and implement then by speaking with the client(s) or stakeholders to understand what their expectations are for the end project and what details they want included. From here, I would turn their responses into user stories that the rest of the team can use to develop and test the program to make sure everything is implemented as the client wants it. Creating user stories gives the team a perspective of what the client is looking for and what they are hoping to get out of it. It helps the development team stay focused on what the main goals are of the user story and keeps all the different members on the same page.

#How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I would approach developing programs by first understanding what it is the client and stakeholders are looking for. This could mean looking at the user stories or getting clarification from the Product Owner. But before any code can actually be developed, I would need to make sure I know what the expected outcome is and what the main goals are for the product. From there, making sure to keep up communication with the rest of the team members would be the next step as the product is being developed. It makes sure everyone is aware of where we are in the process and can help with errors/changes that might be made. I hope to really incorporate strong communication and teamwork into my future development work. I think this leads to higher quality end products that can be delivered faster. 

#What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
A good team member is someone who full supports the team and carries their weight in the development process. If even one person isn't holding up their responsibilities, it can bring the whole team down leading to delays on delivery, bad team collaboration, and poor products. It's also important that they are communicating with their team and not trying to take on too much on their own. They whole point of being on a team is to have those people to go to for help. Becoming too self-dependent can hurt the team if they aren't aware of where you are in the process or if there are problems you are encountering. Lastly, they should avoid making a hostile environment among team members and treat everyone with respect.
